NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          5h11m
pod/prometheus-grafana-669b4b7b7f-nsnb2                      3/3     Running   0          5h12m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-56b84f7699-xtcrr     1/1     Running   0          5h12m
pod/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-7ffb9ff65c-g8fxw           1/1     Running   0          5h12m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          5h11m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-t45zq                1/1     Running   0          5h12m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   5h11m
service/prometheus-grafana                        ClusterIP   10.97.185.154    <none>        80/TCP                       5h12m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.107.29.54     <none>        9093/TCP                     5h12m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.101.167.255   <none>        443/TCP                      5h12m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.102.233.201   <none>        9090/TCP                     5h12m
service/prometheus-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.102.150.236   <none>        8080/TCP                     5h12m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     5h11m
service/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.101.39.91     <none>        9100/TCP                     5h12m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           <none>          5h12m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-grafana                    1/1     1            1           5h12m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           5h12m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           5h12m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-grafana-669b4b7b7f                    1         1         1       5h12m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-56b84f7699   1         1         1       5h12m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-7ffb9ff65c         1         1         1       5h12m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     5h11m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     5h11m
